EDU-112-86: Section override (Part I - Edited files) (#1111)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/docs/customization/building-sections/overrides/section-styles.mdx

---
title: 'Overriding section styles'
---

To customize the styles of a native section, you can use the `className` property, which works similarly to [React's className](https://react.dev/reference/react-dom/components/common#applying-css-styles).

## Before you begin

Before delving into this guide, make sure you have already overridden a component, as presented in the [getOverriddenSection function] guide.

## Step by step

> Let’s use the example provided in the [getOverriddenSection function](LINK) guide,where the `Simple Alert` styles are being overridden via the `className`:

Author: ```suggestion
Let’s use the example provided in the [getOverriddenSection function](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/overrides-getoverriddensection-function) guide, where the `Simple Alert` styles are being overridden via the `className`:
```
